unless you've been living under a rock
the last couple years and if you were I
wouldn't blame you you probably have
noticed the absolute Monsoon tunami of
mini computers that has flooded the
market they're cheap they're small they
can hide in places and I mean they're
cute right but we're kind of getting to
the point where I feel like we might be
missing the plot a bit this is the mini
form Adam man G7 PT it is a gaming mini
computer I mean it's it's pretty small
but this is
,000 that's like gaming laptop territory
I don't even know what to think about
this anymore I mean it's huge here's
here's the computer we got that right
there oh it comes with a stand very cool
this power brick is almost the same
volume as some of their higher-end mini
computers HDMI cable in the box like
that and the power cable you might be
wondering why is this thing so large and
if you haven't guessed already it's
because it has a dedicated graphics card
in inside of it specifically the 7600
MXT from AMD which is paired with the
7945 HX processor inside of it so this
is an AMD on AMD computer on the front
USB type a combo mic audio jack and USB
type c this little guy you click the
button and presumably those LEDs changed
to tell you what performance mode you're
and that's cool we'll try that out in a
little bit on the bottom power connector
for the gargantuan power brick and on
the back holy IO Batman on the back
we've got DP 2.0 HDMI 2.1 type-c with
display port alt mode 3 10 gig USB type
A's a 2.5 gig Lan and then discret
headphone and mic Jacks curiously this
guy on the front is not USB 4 or
Thunderbolt and neither is this one so
you can't hook up an egpu to this
computer I mean it has a dedicated
graphics card in it so that's not really
like the plot if that's your plan
probably buy like a um 790 Pro or 890
Pro which have USB 4 and hook an egpu up
to that you're going to save yourself a
bunch of money but if your plan was to
buy this and then like upgrade in 6
months you're not going to be doing that
maybe you could mod it with like an m.2
we'll see when we open it up but as is
no egpu power button on the top there's
a little hole there I'm imagining there
is a reset I saw there was maybe another
hole here I don't know what these holes
are for one of these probably does reset
I kind of wish this had 5 gig land like
that other mini form we looked at
recently that would have been cool stand
okay oh
Jesus okay I was worried that it didn't
have
like see magnets how do they work okay
yeah there we go how does the power oh
it's right angle I see okay so you you
stick the doohickey in the hole and then
you do like a that and then you do like
a that well that's pretty clean
I like that I guess all that's left is
like the design I have seen on the
product photos that there's going to be
something lighting up here I don't know
what that is yet and on this side I it's
like Spider-Man themed I guess it's all
mesh here which is good for cooling you
can see the fans right
there and then we got a grill on the
front grill on the top can I take this
off oh oh oh this is magnetic waa Okay
so we've got the light panel thingies
behind what is this asakusa what I
recall from CES when they were showing
me this is the intention is hey you can
just take it out and then just have like
a panel here or you know if you were
like an Esports company or something you
could just order custom panels and put
them in there I'm put it back on there
without it I'm sorry animator dude I
don't like your logo on the side of my
gaming computer it's just going to be
like red
we'll have to see if it's RGB in a sec
here that's pretty much it on the
outside let's turn the bloody thing
on who it is RGB the block I kind of
like the the just the squares it's like
a like a dance party you know what this
dance move's called this segue to our
sponsor MSI they put the cool in back to
school and this season MSI has you
covered with deals on gaming laptops AI
capable machines gaming handhelds and
more because nothing says back to school
like gaming so check out the fully spec
certified gamer cyborg 14 and the rest
of msi's back to school sale at the link
down below and elevate your Tech game
this semester I figured out what the two
holes on the front are these are
microphones it's two sides I can see an
OBS there's like discret right and left
interesting okay the one on the top then
must be reset it's got mediatech Wi-Fi 7
which is I mean I don't know I I don't
have any experience with this particular
chipset but generally I would like to
see Intel Wi-Fi 7 especially on a th000
device this one came configured with two
16 gig sticks of 5200 megat transfer per
second ddr5 and then we've got our 7945
HX as we saw before we have a 1 tbte
Kingston SSD gen 4x4 it's
$1,000 without anything installed so in
this configuration it's 1,200 I think
it's 1,200 right now which says early
bird pricing but Min form does this
thing where they say like early bird
pricing and the pricing never increases
it's in the quiet mode right now
which I like the quiet mode it's quiet I
like very nice somehow drawing 30
Watts okay so if I click this
button fan immediately go bur okay yeah
that makes sense it's got apparently
quite the cooling setup which we'll see
in a minute when I take it apart
something about liquid metal many hate
heat pipes and for some reason
gold it's pretty loud in this this here
mode why is it what's 80 degrees what
the hell is this thing doing nothing
Windows update I swear to you sir
stop end task oh that actually worked
okay all righty let's just let's open a
cin bench we'll do a little cin bench
see how warm she gets CPU multicore it's
in the the loud mode Hey look it's as
fast as an M1 Ultra in cin bench CR
actually it's faster technically on
multicore oh yeah okay okay okay so
throughout in the hot boy mode 70 C and
85 Watts on the CPU GPU is chilling
around 50 interesting look at that so
you can see down here during this run it
was telling the GPU that the most power
it could use is like 8 to 15 watts and
then now that we are screen capping on
it again and not running a stupid CPU
load it's saying that the GPU could use
like 40 WTS and it's actually using like
17 Dynamic power balancing very cool
steam knows the FPS AMD the driver for
the graphics card apparently does not
but I'm driving around cyberpunk 1080p
medium preset with FSR turned off and
we're reving around 100 FPS is drying
112 Watts from the GPU Ultra is probably
a bit optimistic one might say but let's
try it does this have R tracing on no
cuz this
doesn't doesn't do that right okay we're
on on Ultra
now 80 FPS did they optimize this game
that's pretty good Ultra between 70 and
80 FPS at 1080p no FSR oh let's look at
the temps oh she was getting toasty
almost 90 drawing 80 Watts on the CPU
it was telling it it could do 180 Watts
but it was actually doing
115 and the GPU is 70 so combined we're
looking at like 200 W power draw in
cyberone overall I mean it games It
games pretty good not as fast as Intel
Wi-Fi but this is what you get with an
AMD computer they're usually not going
to put an Intel chipset with an AMD CPU
upload speed it's just like across the
board slower like this would be like 600
and 800 or 700 and it's just less good
not scientific who knows maybe this AP
is super overloaded but let's take it
apart one thing I did find out these led
panels they change colors every 2
seconds it's not configurable yet which
is kind of lame
you can't change the speed I don't know
if you can change the color but it's not
an app it's like in the Bios H I wonder
how this thing comes
apart oh oh look at that Grill comes
off cool now it looks way cooler all of
the sudden even why why is it Spider-Man
like it's like a
web oh yeah okay that did something that
sounded
crunchy okay there's nothing attached to
that that's good is it just
no that
huh what the holy heat sink Batman what
the hell so does this just peel off oh
this feels
wrong yeah that oh we can put that back
is oh that's a fair bit of heat sink
there brother so this entire section
here heat sink more heat sink two big
old blower fans I wish I could see more
of this cooling thing I don't really
want to take it off cuz it's liquid
metal but um where do the ssds go if you
buy this thing Bare Bones you got to be
able to get in there I don't think
they're on this they must be on the
other side maybe it is just these panels
just come out like super easy and I'm
just overthinking it you know there
probably is a universe in which this
thing has a
manual okay okay yeah yeah yeah that's
not too bad oh there it is look at all
that stuff in there okay so there's two
little cables for this doohickey with
the panel yeah don't take the thing I
took off off just leave that side alone
leave this guy on just take these off
two little screws that was very easy to
get in here we got our RAM sticks what
is this guy this is like a cooler for
the
ssds wait we can see under the little
m.2 cooler thing that it has two m.2
slots one of which is PCI gen 4x4 and
the other is PC Gen 5 which they say is
oh it's the first Mini PC with PC Gen 5
m do2s that's cool the the one that they
shipped in this system which is not the
Bare Bones one this one TB which is what
you would get if you bought the thing is
Gen 4 so keep that in mind this heat
sink on the back here goes all the way
up to here like this and then that fan
you can see it right here just a little
bit extra Fage to do a little more extra
Cooling and then you have the little fan
for the m2s you can see our little
mediatech thing if you bought this and
you're sad about the mediatech chip you
could just swap it with an Intel one oh
good and the seos battery is on the
serviceable
side oh look that's stuck right back on
there like nothing
happened man what do I say about this I
mean at the price 1,000 us to buy a
barebones or 12200 with 32 gigs of RAM 1
TB SSD it's not cheap you're not going
to find these specs in a laptop probably
for less but mind you laptops also come
with a keyboard and a screen and a
battery and other things that are useful
for doing stuff it's not super quiet
unless you put it in the quiet mode but
it's also not super horribly
loud if you just want performance like
you're going to be better off building a
gaming computer for $1,000 us you get
way better performance than this but
you're probably not buying this for that
use case as a little home theater PC
like if you're in the market for a
computer that is this size it seems like
a decent option if I'm looking for
something to compare to that b model Rog
knok which is a very similar form factor
much slower CPU bit better GPU half the
ram half the
SSD is
$1,629 if you go to the top tier model
which still has a slower CPU although
quite a bit faster graphics card same
storage and memory that's $2,200 so
$1,000 more than this if this is the
form Factory you want I mean minis form
they they're swinging and maybe hitting
if you are the ball that is for this so
thanks for watching if you like this
video like down below get subscribed
tell me what you think about this this
thick brick